In this video, you'll learn a few more terms associated with confidence intervals,
as well as some of the relationships you can expect between what happens to
the inputs of a confidence interval and how
this affects the interval you get as a result.
There are a few terms that we should discuss that are true for any confidence interval.
In the literature, you will frequently see terms
like the margin of error and the confidence interval width.
A common way that we see political results is in the following way.
Candidate A has 34 percent of the vote plus or minus 3 percent.
And Candidate B has 22 percent of the vote plus or minus 3 percent.
Then in small print,
you might see something like,
"These figures are based on the 95 percent confidence interval."
In the sample, each candidate has this respective 34 and 22 percent,
and this 3 percent is called the margin of error.
In order to build a confidence interval,
we actually add and subtract this amount.
So our confidence interval for the true proportion that Candidate A
controls for the population is at 31 to 37 percent,
and for Candidate B, it would be 19 to 25 percent.
If this confidence interval for each is larger than we want it,
we could actually collect a larger sample size.
Because of the Law of Large Numbers,
we know that the larger the sample size,
the better our estimates will be at approximating our parameter and therefore,
this will narrow our interval.